s3 - simple storage service
Cloud Storage - support all files
Serverless - Direct access 
efs ebs etc other storage which can be accessed directly
s3 is global service.  no specific region

A bucket is a container for objects. To store your data in Amazon S3, 
you first create a bucket and specify a bucket name and AWS Region.
Then, you upload your data to that bucket as objects in Amazon S3. 
Each object has a key (or key name),
which is the unique identifier for the object within the bucket.

create bucket:
normal bucket is created globally, but obj as created in region
bucket type: general (store in multiple zone) / directory (single zone)
bucket name: unique
Object Ownership : acl disable( access control list ) only owner // acl enable
created.

even file(object) we can set permission.In general when an obj is added , url is generated to view 

Bucket versioning:
(enabled) while creating bucket
s3 dashboard there is show version toggle. 
olddata(stored in bucket) -> changed or edited in local sys which is reuploaded in bucket ie like an update 
when toggle show version is ON then it show old file and new file with version id
WHEN ORGINAL DATA IS DELETED ,IF VERSION IS ENABLED THEN WE CAN RETRIVE ORIGINAL DATA, now show version old file type will be "delete marker" 
For RECOVERY. old file (with type delete marker) . delete again(permanently delete) . now it is recovered.

to delete all. show version .. check all versioned file of that old file and hit delete

No FOLDER:

In Amazon S3, the concept of a "folder" is purely a visual abstraction provided by the AWS Management Console and other tools. Technically, S3 doesn't have folders or directories like a traditional file system. Instead, everything is an object, and "folders" are simply part of the object's key name (its full path).

For example, if you create an object with the key 2024/reports/january/report1.pdf, S3 will treat the entire string 2024/reports/january/report1.pdf as the object's key. There is no actual folder structure; the slashes (/) are just part of the key.

So to answer your question:

A "folder" in S3 is not a real directory or folder, but rather a prefix in the key name of an object.
Creating a folder simply means uploading an empty object with a key that ends in a slash (/), which is treated as a folder in the console.